The enhanced rc script adds features previously found in earlier 
versions of the lfs-bootscripts.  It also adds the ability to 
'interactively' step through the init scripts at boot time.  The 
/etc/sysconfig/rc file contains new variables that set the time for 
prompt, and allow you to change the name that is displayed in the prompt.

Additionally, the script completes the bootloging setup 
(lfs-bootscripts 3.2.{1,2})by providing a temporary location to capture 
the log messages that are generated before your syslog daemon is started.  
tmpfs is mounted at /media/boottemp/ as soon as rc is called for the first 
time.  It is unmounted as soon as we leave sysinit, and the temporary log 
file is appended to the existing boot.log file.  To use this feature requires
a couple of changes.  By default, the bootlog uses the local2 facility.
This is configurable in the /etc/sysconfig/rc file.  Additionally, to meet 
FHS guidelines, the logger binary must be moved to /bin.  This is hardcoded 
into the scripts, and a proper check is made, in fact returning logger to 
/usr/bin is the easiest way to disable bootlogging.

The tmpfs is availible for any script durring the entire time of rc's 
execution and is unmounted when rc exits a numbered runlevel.  Durring 
sysinit, the functions script has been modified to log to the temporary 
file, and once in a numbered runlevel, will return to the old behavior 
allowing your syslog daemon to capture and deliver the boot messages to 
the log file.  The temporary filesystem can be used for other purposes 
as well but is currently used only for the interactive lock file and the 
initial bootlog cache.  The scripts are current as of 
lfs-bootscripts-3.2.3-pre-1 and can be installed by running 
'make install-enhanced' from the toplevel directory.

Finally, the boot_mesg function contains very complicated line wrapping code,
that was seldom used, and hence removed from the bootscripts.  It has been
made availible again here, however, it is known not to work with some 
locales.  The syntax is the same as the current boot_mesg function.


